good
you have to direct friends as they are here
like you here that gaming is also
a video that
the truth that irritated me I stress and the
true that
I had no other to do them a
video to see to show you the
shit that's happening here with call
of duty black ops 2 a game that
true for me it's great and good I
I follow you couple of several evils that
broadcast or upload videos in English
of white colors 2 and is personal that
also here on the screen this one just
the like that is also very passionate or
he loves he likes the good fanatic of
color and work cults and lately it has
dedicated to upload what are the shits
the traps the clichés all the
shits that loosers use to be able
is grabbing a little bit of death in what
which is with the 22 and today I was watching
this and the truth that I was left without
words
the video is very fast but I want
the watching gentlemen suddenly many
of us we may be suffering from
what this type of push is doing
these traps people who simply do not
can compete as he says in the
video you can not compete you can not
be up to normal
the normal thing is that we are the ones who play
every day and they do not break our butts
you are no longer up to normal
you are not up to the semi
Professional're not up to
the professionals
and you devote yourself to do this kind of
fucking cheating lords I'm going to put
this video here in the description go
check in the description is the link
of what they do this bunch of
losers that the game left them big
and that sure they have been doing it since
white 1 modern warfare 3 and now with
White 2 is a complete frustration since
that no bad shits that make
supposedly whenever you see someone
in iv and if I do so it 's because I
are grimacing here for the
bands this whenever you find a
player sefrisa that's what they say
like the suites or the switch of the lag
either press the switch or press the
button to play it and go to see or
be you see for your own
media make their own conclusions
but I think it's just for me
a fucking crap like that is going to
say more loser than that I think not
there is leave your opinion here in the box
of comments and if they liked the video and
if you're against that type of mom
do not forget to leave your comment in
the description is the video so that
see the gouache is in English gentlemen
I do not know if you will understand 100% but
check the moms he does is about
of the lac switch the lag switch
so whenever you are with
front with someone they put the
switch or the switch so that you
Check out if you liked the video and
is against this type of play
do not forget to leave your like until the
next friends smoky that gaming
without words so fucking pussy that
how many eggs have been made